hello welcome to the show I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and tonight I'd like to talk to
you about an exciting opportunity to
sell skin care products from home you
know the experience of hosting a
television show from my house has been
strange and a little bit isolating but
I've learned a lot more about my
co-workers and I expected I would so
this is a text that several of us got
from our supervising producer Gary
Greenberg who was hesitant to order
sushi because he was scared he would get
the virus from it and asked at least
five people if we thought it was safe to
do it and after everyone told him yeah
you're crazy of course it's safe he said
this based on your recommendation we
ordered sushi from sugar fish but in
between ordering and delivery
we got nervous and decided to microwave
it microwave sushi is kind of disgusting
yeah it kinda I mean who could have ever
guessed that putting raw fish in the
microwave wouldn't turn out great anyway
in Las Vegas some hotels and casinos are
open for business with precautions of
place of course this gentleman for
instance came ready to play video poker
wearing a mask and gloves and smoking
cigarettes under the mask no one has
ever cared more and less about his
health at the same time they should
really put this at one of those do your
Vegas commercials you know pump up the
glamour the president of this excited
things were opening up buoyed by what he
claims is big demand Trump could be back
on the rally trail as early as next week
to bask in the glow of his fans
coronavirus be damned if he's gonna do
this if he's gonna hold big rallies he
should be required to shake everyone's
hand everyone who shows up he should
have to rub his sweaty little nubs own
every Maggi Hatter who wants to meet him
all he wants all he needs to survive is
the roar of an adoring crowd maybe
instead of running for a second term we
should book on a year-long run at
Madison Square Garden like Billy Joel or
something president said to be so upset
about recent polls that show him losing
Bigley to Joe Biden he's hired a
consulting firm to challenge the results
of the polls and that's a bad sign if
you think he won't test the election if
he loses
he won't even accept the meaningless
poll he's losing they're gonna have to
drag him out of that white house by his
heels one poll has Joe Biden up by 14
points so sugar-daddy bladdy has a lot
of work cut out for him and it makes
sense that Trump doesn't get it he just
he's like a lot of soft brain 73 year
old men who watched nothing but Fox News
this is the nonsense the President of
the United States is watching on TV
before he gets tuckered into bed every
night this is a good country better than
any other of course we are flawed but we
are trying unlike most places and we
have nothing to be ashamed of none of us
immigrants know that best of all that's
why they come here a million new
Americans every year they're not coming
because America is a racist country
they're coming because it's not right
but didn't you want to build a wall to
keep those immigrants out of the oh
never mind
he's right America's fine we have no
problems at all those people marching in
the streets they're just getting
exercise meanwhile that isn't even the
craziest thing going right now have you
seen this video of the old man in
Buffalo the protests are getting
assaulted by police and I don't even
want to show the video because it's
upsetting if you want to see it look it
up yourself but there's an old man it's
out protesting he gets shoved by cops he
falls to the ground blood starts gushing
out of his ear or does it start gushing
it out of his ear because the national
spokeswoman for the Republican National
Committee a woman named Elizabeth
Harrington posted a completely nutty
conspiracy theory that claimed the old
man guy named Martin Gugino was using
prop blood attached to an elaborate
device I guess he used magnets to get
the police to shove him too and our
president who's never want to pass on
our crackpot story like this wrote
Buffalo protester shoved by police could
be an antique approve a couture
75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed
away after appearing to scan police
communications in order to black out the
equipment at oann I watched he fell
harder than was pushed was aiming
scanner could be a setup or could be
complete nonsense
just to recap the theory here is that a
75 year old man was using his cell phone
to scan police communication
equipment in order to black it out I
feel like anyone who's tried to zoom
what their grandparents knows there's no
possible way that's true but our
president it takes a special kind of
monster to see a peaceful 75 year old
man shoved to the ground by police so
hard he bleeds from the ears and take
the sight of the concrete but he does
our unfounded father but he tells it
like it is that's the thing that's so
great about Trump hey here's some
exciting news for pals of POTUS this is
a text from the Trump campaign said
president Trump set aside a limited
edition Trump coloring book just for you
friend 900 sold in five minutes don't
wait claim yours now if you go to the
link it takes you to Trump's online
store and there it is the official Trump
coloring book available for $20 or if
you donate $25 you get it for free for
five dollars more you get the same thing
but why in colored by feeling the people
who'd be willing to pay $20 for his
campaign probably ate all their crayons
already but anyway we claimed ours and
it took a few weeks to get here but here
it is the official Trump coloring book
this is real featuring our our super
president doing super stuff you can see
here truth is his kryptonite
here let's go through some of these here
he is smiling in front of the flag here
he's got the USA held in his strong
giant hand in this one he's screaming
what do you mean there's no mozzarella
sticks
here he is building the wall as if he's
ever done even a half hour of manual
labor in his life and again regular Joe
and a hardhat without a chin and we also
get to color his tender side there he is
cradling a weird alien baby that those
had to be drawn by two different people
right this is good - this is super Trump
with Conan the dog join President Trump
on his fight against animal cruelty
didn't his sons shoot a dolphin in the
face and finally we've got to back cover
the president wearing a cape it says
enjoy this relaxing pastime spelt wrong
by the way as you
park your creativity and let your
imagination run free each image of our
nation's 45th president is single-sided
allowing you to remove and proudly
display your art piece around your home
or work place you imagine coloring this
in and hanging it you at that point just
hang yourself because oh I forgot one
thing they've even included a page for
Mike Pence who unfortunately was too
white to be outlined so there you go
grab a little box of all orange crayons
and have at it these are you know these
are dark times yeah and there seems to
be an unfillable divide in this country
which is very sad but whenever I'm down
I look to the most positive person not
just in my life but maybe the most
positive person in human history my
cousin Mickey the other day our cousin
Melissa the other day I told Mickey that
because of the lockdown her son Archie
school gave the students a choice they
could do pass/fail or a letter grade
they got to choose and Mickey without
missing a beat asked well who would
choose fail it's called positive
thinking and with that said here's
cousin Mickey with your daily
inspiration
okay if you're feeling down and it's new
fees of seeing this be your own
cheerleader it's okay
you could be goofy you could run around
like hey Mickey you got this hey Mickey
you can do this hey Mickey don't be
nervous
just hey Mickey it's okay or do your own
name you don't have to do my name just
do your own name and just cheer for
yourself and just know that everything's
gonna be okay
[Music]
Thank You Mickey I feel a lot better
we'll be right back with Josh GAD Timmy
[Music]